Keep in mind, that I used a nightly build, that is not officially supported. 

I cannot determinbe if any of the issues outlined below are not issues on the Hybrid build.
Some issues may be pkgsrc related, or simply a result of my not knowing how to patch things correctly.

These issues represent my experience with the operating system, using pkgsrc with the changes I made to source. 
They stopped a noticeable number of packages from compiling. The cause of the underlying problem is unclear. 
It is uncertan (to me) if attempts to resolve the underlying problem are being made.
It is very possible that I patched something incorrectly:

1. Perl cannot be compiled with threads

2. Python 27 will not build all of the modules

3. PHP 54 Dependent programs will fail to create shared libraries

4. Libexecinfo will report that it can't determine the gcc version

5. Numerous programs will report: Trouble resolving symbol -2147477870, including zlib and libintl.

6. Programs dependent upon heirloom-libcommon will fail to find heirloom-libcommon at link time.

7. Programs dependent upon libpcap will fail to find libpcap at link time.

8. A patched Flex, consistant with BEOS patching will allow programs to build that otherwise wouldn't.

9. Some errors that have halted a compilation have later not halted the compilation, or vice versa.

10. Patches between versions of GCC (4 vs 2) do not apply equally at times. 
Most do work for both, but some may only work on 1, but not the other.

***The following issues are chronically problematic, of great annoyance, but are unlikely to be remidied.***

1. A writeable /usr directory (There is a work around for this)

2. Write access to /boot/system

3. XMS Shared memory

4. Headers don't contain frequently used definitions but are non posix

5. Support for hard links in file system.


***The following chronic functionality issues undermine the operating system's useability:***

1. There is no clear way to run X11 programs

2. Packages not built inside of Haikuporter can't find libraries.
The libraries are $PATHED properly and even have the library path embedded in them.

3. Printing driver choices are limited, printing services cannot withstand large jobs

4. Networking is limited to ftp and email. 

5. Ocassional kernel panics when files are downloaded

6. NFS is broken

7. CIFS never implemented

8. Lynx has a chronic networking issue. it can't load web pages.

9. Apache can't run, there is not enough memory.

10. Read only portions of the file system.
The removal of directories that many previously packaged applications required
Inability to restore the directories has had a strong negative impact on developer morale.
